release: 0.6.0 (#2662)
rome/tools: website/src/_includes/docs/ci.md

## CI 

> Rome comes with a CI mode that allows run multiple CI checks jsut by 

Author: Feel free to submit a suggestion

> Rome comes with a CI mode that allows run multiple CI checks jsut by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rome comes with a CI mode that allows performing multiple CI checks just by 
```
